nephrology open doors this screening and that will be carried out
next Thursday 10 March at the cobellis and vallo della clinic
lucania at the World Kidney Day screening will be
free and will take place throughout the day both internationally there
will be the World Kidney Day Kidney Disease Prevention Day
is strongly desired by international nephrology bone
well from the national society it hosts the Italian nephrology society
with the federation
the dahlia verrine foundations may be this event for about 6 years
local google
ninth iorlano last good morning only out
I am solemn with a land-based tour
which has had some success, however, this year we are the second edition
in the seventh of
ooh manufacturer the concept of prevention
for as they did the same giusy
search
I have 40 years ago with the southern and Mediterranean islands
because perhaps it is right here in the Cilento moena of the concert of Prince hours
of cardiovascular diseases
the concept of prevention
engineer but when talking about cardiovascular diseases lena speak
also of kidney diseases
in fact it seems they are
absolutely flor related price one day will be 10
Thursday, March 10, flower of love from lol from morning to afternoon until
when forces are used to do so
we will perform ninth
tires I our qualified employees
visit in sweat for free
which will be a view
nephrology - isa internistica conspiracy I am a studious person
warning are waist circumference
in body weight with the body mass index
explanations will be given are
davide deplian
friends
Almost informative tires
but on renal diseases with explanations
give all this to all
and that they will ask us
salads urinalysis exam papers
someone looking at the sediment
- however, the culture exam with antibiogram is drawn up as it is
the incidence of renal diseases in the context of
here is pear
black plague mouth is a bit the field the province of salerno
trousers
we have a prevalence of
patrol gr
nono diabetica and diabetes relais of arterial hypertension
we who reach romina level
ninth world lol and therefore also at national level
around axle standa 70% that is not to go down of blame never is not
witnessing
a real epidemic
oooi caused by diabetes
because therefore it also involves us nephrologists
and in the treatment of these pathologies and therefore we are in the front line rondò does not produce
handover
cope with metabolic diseases therefore diabetes
and cardiovascular diseases
then arterial hypertension
I also give it to me, even to me I am not predominant
sell diabetic subjects is for tunis
which I am unfortunately
renal progect prospect
produced in europe pathology condono teva alpine replacement hemodialysis not
he had clearly looked like a kidney transplant
really quite buildings quite difficult
building materials I realized notation for
must thank the candid center
d salerno
gold shaping
dottor paride de rosa
therefore
versatile actually going a new big time
friend baby f1gp
ninth why 2
there is work in the world
with an active collaboration
e-mail with the fruits that we can see in the last ones
in three months we had
flor2 transplant my sayings
1 in Salerno on 1 rome
but the important thing to drive for two twenties canosa of data dragan
and that they have seen change in lorica. no other problem with water
it existed
lanarob many years ago
tso prelate, which was used in the Veneto region, is known as dialysis
hexagon times problem with aluminum m
some like i was thinking aluminum
present in the waters, it offers modern water purification systems
arriving paul lalla one at a time as a patient
to be this dice with blood to carry out dialysis
there are no longer these problems
the dentic problem is worth
of the presolana pull the same problem
in cardiovascular diseases reasons to say that
or the risk factors are always the same with the traditional ones
that is, the I apart from sex and moles seems to be the fact of risk
cigarette smoke seems to have an important impact on the
Diabetes is a leading tensor jamendo spoken chronic pula knocked
d ...
non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs
this time I also picked up my pharmacy very easily
also try to lead to kidney problems
gmail up to everything
towards cardiovascular diseases diabetes in the under diabetes clearly
we talk about obesity
because obesity game vials color
in the development of diabetes than really that we have been talking about for some years
Diabesity
that is, of obesity
which is related to the diet and this is why we measure at the circumference
life
because the real fact of risk is not
the fat like
quantity but the bulk as quality ie where fat is fat a
delegated one on the waist circumference
and class hotel via visceral fat
is what the true cardiovascular risk factor
than sometimes of demi lovato
and that can develop over the years
the metabolic donkey
the shroud that is like a mechanical kecat laughs from a set of
of clinical signs and teeth symptoms and I altered laboratory tests because
then I can be a case of diabetes paro